It's you, why are you reacting so much?
If you want to hook up, you don't look in the mirror first
Mr. Gu, your first time here
He's looking for this way to get your attention
His heart can be punished
Stay away from me!
I'm leaving now
Stop
I said he is Mr. Gu
I'm Shen Pinting
Are you sorry?
Mr. Gu, I don't care, just let him go together
Don't be an eyesore in front of me
you
Come with me!
Ah!
Such a personal assistant
You're quite capable
How could you get into my company?
Coincidence is really a coincidence
and
I didn't know it was you who bought our company?
Stop talking nonsense
I told you what you wanted last night
What happened last night was an accident
Besides, I won't tell anyone about him
If you really don't believe it
I can resign